[GP-2] Support show/hide of Google / iCal export links (#43)
moderntribe/gigpress: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 2.3.24 [TBD] =

> * Tweak - Added options to show / hide the Google Calendar and iCalender export links [138300]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Added options to show / hide the Google Calendar and iCalendar export links [GP-2]
```
